add pull request guidelines (#38)
MCU-Driver-HAL/MCU-Driver-HAL: CONTRIBUTING.md

Each commit must have at least one `Signed-off-by:` line from the committer to certify that the contribution is made under the terms of the [Developer Certificate of Origin](./DCO.txt).

If you set your `user.name` and `user.email` as part of your git configuration, you can sign your commit automatically with `git commit -s`. You have to use your real name (i.e., pseudonyms or anonymous contributions cannot be made). This is because the DCO is a legally binding document.

## Pull request guidelines

> - concise git commit messages (we recommend following Chris Beams 7 rules https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/#seven-rules)

Reviewer: I propose the following:

```suggestion
- Git commit messages should be concise and must contain a proper description of the commit content. We recommend following Chris Beams 7 rules https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/#seven-rules.
```

> - add a prefix to your commit message to highlight the area of relevance. Write prefixes in lowercase, followed by a colon, followed by a space, and then finally the commit title

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a prefix to your commit message to highlight the area of relevance. Write prefixes in lowercase, followed by a colon, followed by a space, and then finally the commit title.
```

> - add a prefix to your commit message to highlight the area of relevance. Write prefixes in lowercase, followed by a colon, followed by a space, and then finally the commit title

Reviewer: Does it need to be lowercase? I see that this is not followed, most prefixes are either all uppercase or first letter uppercase.

Author: I'll change it to the first letter uppercase based on the history here.

> - linear git history - no merge commits allowed, always rebase your branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Keep a linear git history: no merge commits are allowed, always rebase your branch.
```

> - preserve the history until the review is completed. Use `git commit --fixup` to add fixes. Once review is completed, run `git rebase --autosquash` to clean the history

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Preserve the history until the review is completed. Use `git commit --fixup` to add fixes. Once review is completed, run `git rebase --autosquash` to clean the history.
```

> - every new addition to already opened pull request should be followed by a comment to update reviewers what has changed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Every new addition to an already opened pull request should be commented to inform the reviewers on what has changed.
```
